hey guys Stefan from post-pc games today
taking a look at hockey nations 2011 THD
just released on the Tegra zone running
currently on Tegra 2 and Tegra 3 devices
and let's take a look at this hero
so we're gonna go into single-player
mode here and it's do a little lets to
look gameplay here exhibition choose to
team will go will go international and
will set difficulty medium easy that's
too easy here and let's do a little
gameplay here and take a look at that
I've been playing that your morning and
the graphics is really amazing so you
start all it you move the park and it
will show you you're the guy that's
so-called and once you got the park you
have to try to of course avoid all your
opponents and get them the goal as fast
as possible
I'm running this to Mike he be here with
HDMI cable
so when you don't touch the park
immediately it'll it will be too late as
the opponents already crowded away from
you
I have to say the graphics is really
amazing it's AI once you get a hang of
food you can get quite addicting
again I haven't played any any advanced
levels here so let's just take a first
look at this
it's not as easy as it looks five to one
more year
Oh almost
we're last right here
it's like in the real game it goes a
little rough sometimes ah penalty but
anyway yeah guys just want to give you a
quick look at this year Hockey Nations
2011 THD right now available for $4.99
in the Tegra zone so something to take a
look at if you're into this kind of
stuff I'm Stefan from post PC games
thanks for watching